README.md, before:

# basestruct

Provides a simple struct with common 4 fields to be embedded by other structs.

## TYPES

### Base

A simple struct to be embedded by other struct
```go
type Base struct {
  Err         error  `json:"Err"`
  LogLevel    int    `json:"LogLevel"`
  Initialized bool   `json:"Initialized"`
  MyType      string `json:"MyType"` // Store typename. Cheaper way than reflector for logging.
  OnErrContinue bool   `json:"OnErrContinue,omitempty"`
}
```

### CheckErrInit

```go
func (b *Base) CheckErrInit(prefix string) (pass bool)
```

To be put at the beginning of Check error and initialization state in following order:

1. If `OnErrContinue` is `true` -> check passed -> return `true`
2. If `Err` not nil -> check failed -> return `false`
3. If `Initialized` is `false` -> check failed -> set `Err` -> return `false`
4. All else, check passed -> return `true`

### Change Log

- v1.0.0
  - Initial commit
- v1.1.0
  - Add `OnErrContinue`

### License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright © 2025 John, Sing Dao, Siu <john.sd.siu@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Deprecated: This project is now merged into [go-helper](github.com/J-Siu/go-helper) under basestruct.

README.md, after:

# basestruct

> Deprecated: This project is now merged into [go-helper](github.com/J-Siu/go-helper) under basestruct.

Provides a simple struct with common 4 fields to be embedded by other structs.

## TYPES

### Base

A simple struct to be embedded by other struct
```go
type Base struct {
  Err         error  `json:"Err"`
  LogLevel    int    `json:"LogLevel"`
  Initialized bool   `json:"Initialized"`
  MyType      string `json:"MyType"` // Store typename. Cheaper way than reflector for logging.
  OnErrContinue bool   `json:"OnErrContinue,omitempty"`
}
```

### CheckErrInit

```go
func (b *Base) CheckErrInit(prefix string) (pass bool)
```

To be put at the beginning of Check error and initialization state in following order:

1. If `OnErrContinue` is `true` -> check passed -> return `true`
2. If `Err` not nil -> check failed -> return `false`
3. If `Initialized` is `false` -> check failed -> set `Err` -> return `false`
4. All else, check passed -> return `true`

### Change Log

- v1.0.0
  - Initial commit
- v1.1.0
  - Add `OnErrContinue`

### License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright © 2025 John, Sing Dao, Siu <john.sd.siu@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
